---
title: Lesson 1 - Week 1
layout: post
author: vincent.lin-chapman
permalink: /lesson-1---week-1/
source-id: 1AjEBC8GgNrnf_2aFPwUDeI49g7HJNCj0XmKqOYsJMv4
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Learning to use the FUZE box.</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>13/01/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Learning the functions of a FUZE box.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To learn more about the fuze box and it's functions</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Depends, I was planning to use the fuze box to learn - but I hadn’t set any targets due to not really starting last lesson.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>We were given a manual to learn from, i initially started by reading the functions and theory behind how the fuze box works - before learning how to use it. I found that if i looked at the pictures it gave me an ideal goal for how my coding should look - and end up working , and looking as such and such. The main body of text is of course very useful due to having direct instructions that i can understand.
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The fact that I misunderstood what is what and where is where, limited my time in working, due to misunderstanding the functions (i skipped a few pages) and therefore not successfully continuing my work easily without failure, or misunderstanding, i need to work on reading thoroughly through all pages. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I'll interact more with my partner, instead of just saying do this and that, we’ll experiment with the functions more so than we did - brick for brick instructions, next time to improve my learning, i’ll try to work efficiently to move on to the expected task, level - I also need to improve my blog by adding some key items into it as  a side note.
</td>
  </tr>
</table>


